getting started guide on postman collections (#14)
commercetools/commercetools-postman-collection: GettingStarted.md

> # Getting started with commercetools Postman Collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting started with the commercetools Postman Collection.
```

> ## What is Postman Collection?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are Postman Collections?
```

> Postman is a tool that helps to use the REST APIs quickly without any development work, You can convert from a variety of API formats into Postman Collections that you can import into the postman app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postman is an API platform that helps you quickly use REST APIs without requiring any development work. Postman Collections are a group of saved API requests that you can import into the Postman app.
```

## commercetools API collections

* [Platform API](api/)
* [Import](import/)
* [Machine Learning](ml/)

## Install Postman App

> Follow Installation details from here https://www.postman.com/downloads/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions for installing the Postman app or using the web version can be found at https://www.postman.com/downloads/
```

## Setting Up Enviornment

> Each of the root folders [Platform API](api/), [Import](import/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every root folder in [Platform API](api/), [Import](import/)
```

> , [Machine Learning](ml/) contains template.json, import the template from environment tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, [Machine Learning](ml/) contains a template.json file. Import this file from the Environments tab.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4946943/141699003-e989317e-41dc-42c9-b682-eb97f6c8fe6d.png)

This will create an empty variable set environment. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4946943/141699543-9f626cd3-5dcf-4b8d-94ad-f0045fc15b44.png)

> set the initial values for primary variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the initial values for primary variables.
```

> * host : find details [here](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/general-concepts#hosts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* host : The host information can be [found here](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/general-concepts#hosts)
```

> * auth_url : find details [here](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/authorization#requesting-an-access-token-using-commercetools-oauth-20-server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* auth_url : The Authorization URL can be [found here](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/authorization#requesting-an-access-token-using-commercetools-oauth-20-server)
```

> * client_id : create it from [here](https://docs.commercetools.com/merchant-center/api-clients#create-an-api-client)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* client_id : From your API Client. More information can be [found here](https://docs.commercetools.com/merchant-center/api-clients#create-an-api-client)
```

> * client_secret : same as client_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* client_secret : From your API Client
```

* project_key: your project key

## Import commercetools Postman collection

> Each of the root folders [Platform API](api/), [Import](import/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every root folder in [Platform API](api/), [Import](import/)
```

> , [Machine Learning](ml/) contains collection.json, use these collections to import into the postman app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, [Machine Learning](ml/) contains a collection.json file. Use these files to import into the Postman app.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4946943/141699715-cbf64f9e-945b-42c1-ae8f-8de0cf892937.png)

> You Should be able to see the collection imported and if you expand the collection, there are two primary folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should be able to see the collection imported. If you expand the collection, there are two primary folders:
```

> * Authorization  - use "Obtain access token" to obain authentication token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Authorization - Use "Obtain access token" to get an authentication token.
```

> * Projects - Explore endpoints and its ready to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Projects - Explore endpoints and it is ready to use.
```
